Update app-sdk-ios.md (#4030)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/developer/app-sdk-ios.md

Yes! Please see the [Chatr sample app](https://github.com/msintuneappsdk/Chatr-Sample-Intune-iOS-App).

> ### Where should I set my custom intune related classes such as EnrollmentDelegate, ComplianceDelegate, PolicyDelegate to listen to enrollment, compliance and policy staus?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Where should I set my custom Intune-related classes such as EnrollmentDelegate, ComplianceDelegate, and PolicyDelegate to listen to enrollment, compliance, and policy status?
```

> All delegate classes should be assigned in UIApplicationDelegate `application(_:willFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)` lifecycle method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All delegate classes should be assigned in the UIApplicationDelegate `application(_:willFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)` lifecycle method:
```

 `func application(
    _ application: UIApplication,
    willFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplication.LaunchOptionsKey : Any]? = nil
) -> Bool {
	// Assign your custom delegate class to intune manager.
 	// 
}'

> This is because Intune initialize and complete all delegation before `application(_:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)` instance method. Moreover, assigning delegate in init() can result into unpredictable method because lifecycle methods can be invoked multiple times based on application running status while init method would only be called during class initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because Intune initializes and completes all delegation before the `application(_:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)` instance method. Moreover, assigning a delegate in init() can result in an unpredictable method because lifecycle methods can be invoked multiple times based on application running status while the init method would only be called during class initialization.
```

> ### I have integrated my application with Intune SDK, however my application does not invoke `application(_:willFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)` instance lifecycle method. Why?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I have integrated my application with Intune SDK, however, my application does not invoke the `application(_:willFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)` instance lifecycle method. Why?
```

> If you have integrated with IntuneSDK, `AppDelegate` class should be your `UIApplicationMain` class. If not, this may result in certain `UIApplicationDelegate` lifecycle instance method not getting invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have integrated with IntuneSDK, `AppDelegate` class should be your `UIApplicationMain` class. If not, this may result in certain `UIApplicationDelegate` lifecycle instance methods not getting invoked.
```

> ### There is MAM-CA policy enabled by IT admin. My application is using OneAuth for AAD authentication and have integrated with Intune SDK with CA related changes, however some of the users with old iPhone devices complained they are unable to sign in to the app and logs shows `UserCancelled` error status. What could be possibly wrong?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### MAM-CA policy is enabled by the IT admin. My application uses OneAuth for Azure AD authentication and has integrated with Intune SDK with CA-related changes, however, some users with old iPhone devices are unable to sign in to the app and logs show the `UserCancelled` error status. What could possibly be wrong?
```

If you have already implemented all code and configuration changes to enable and handle MAM CA policy, ensure your application is able to handle MSAL response. The following delegate instance method should be part of your `AppDelegate` class to handle MSAL response:

```
func application(_ app: UIApplication, open url: URL, options: [UIApplication.OpenURLOptionsKey : Any] = [:]) -> Bool {
	return MALOneAuth.handleMSALResponse(url, sourceApplication: options[UIApplication.OpenURLOptionsKey.sourceApplication] as? String)
}
```

> If your application uses `SceneDelegate`, in that case instead of above instance method, add below delegate instance method in your `SceneDelegate` class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if your application uses `SceneDelegate`, add the following delegate instance method in your `SceneDelegate` class instead:
```
